# Requirements for Logitech Media Server
media-sound/logitechmediaserver ~arm
dev-lang/nasm **
dev-perl/Algorithm-C3 **
dev-perl/AppConfig ~arm
dev-perl/Audio-Scan **
dev-perl/AutoXS-Header **
dev-perl/B-Hooks-EndOfScope ~arm
dev-perl/Cache-Cache ~arm
dev-perl/Canary-Stability ~arm
dev-perl/Carp-Assert **
dev-perl/Class-Accessor ~arm
dev-perl/Class-Accessor-Chained **
dev-perl/Class-Accessor-Grouped **
dev-perl/Class-C3 **
dev-perl/Class-C3-Componentised **
dev-perl/Class-C3-XS **
dev-perl/Class-Data-Inheritable ~arm
dev-perl/Class-ISA **
dev-perl/Class-Method-Modifiers **
dev-perl/Class-Virtual **
dev-perl/Class-XSAccessor **
dev-perl/Clone ~arm
dev-perl/Config-Any ~arm
dev-perl/Context-Preserve **
dev-perl/DBIx-Class **
dev-perl/Data-Compare **
dev-perl/Data-Dump ~arm
dev-perl/Data-Dumper-Concise ~arm
dev-perl/Data-Page **
dev-perl/Data-URIEncode **
dev-perl/Data-UUID **
dev-perl/Devel-GlobalDestruction ~arm
dev-perl/EV **
dev-perl/Encode-Detect ~arm
dev-perl/File-Find-Rule ~arm
dev-perl/File-Remove ~arm
dev-perl/GD ~arm
dev-perl/GD-Graph3d ~arm
dev-perl/GDGraph ~arm
dev-perl/GDTextUtil ~arm
dev-perl/Hash-Merge **
dev-perl/IO-AIO **
dev-perl/IO-Interface **
dev-perl/IPC-ShareLite ~arm
dev-perl/Image-Scale **
dev-perl/Import-Into **
dev-perl/JSON-XS ~arm
dev-perl/Linux-Inotify2 **
dev-perl/Log-Log4perl ~arm
dev-perl/MRO-Compat ~arm
dev-perl/Math-Base36 **
dev-perl/Module-Find **
dev-perl/Module-Install ~arm
dev-perl/Module-Runtime ~arm
dev-perl/Module-ScanDeps ~arm
dev-perl/Moo **
dev-perl/Number-Compare ~arm
dev-perl/PAR-Dist ~arm
dev-perl/Path-Class ~arm
dev-perl/Role-Tiny **
dev-perl/SQL-Abstract **
dev-perl/Scalar-Properties **
dev-perl/Scope-Guard **
dev-perl/Template-GD ~arm
dev-perl/Template-Toolkit ~arm
dev-perl/Text-Glob ~arm
dev-perl/Tie-Cache-LRU **
dev-perl/Types-Serialiser ~arm
dev-perl/YAML-LibYAML **
dev-perl/common-sense ~arm
dev-perl/enum **
dev-perl/namespace-clean ~arm
dev-perl/strictures **
dev-perl/Text-Autoformat ~arm
dev-perl/Text-Reform ~arm
perl-core/ExtUtils-CBuilder ~arm
perl-core/ExtUtils-MakeMaker ~arm
perl-core/ExtUtils-Manifest1 ~arm
perl-core/IO **
perl-core/IPC-Cmd ~arm
perl-core/Module-CoreList ~arm
perl-core/version ~arm
virtual/perl-Module-CoreList ~arm

